You know, I just don't understand how any games journalist could fail to mention the most important event in the history of this medium
Yes @therealcliffyb, ok indeed Locust's are NOT aliens. I love you really, one day you'll understand that hearts are better than bullets
@desensitisation  I read that as notch first, not scotch. I would prefer it if notch was part of it :(
10 minutes...
@therealcliffyb You're actually going to hate me in 6 hours :(
WORLD, The future of gaming is in YOUR hands now. This is a PIVOTAL moment in gaming, the industry will be DEFINED by THIS VERY moment
@desensitisation stop tweeting and get back to saving our industry! You only have 47 hours left!
Service has resumed and the first jam is about to kick off but believe me that is not the last you'll see of that pesky green pixel
Imagine, you play a baby in a pram and can only see your parent's faces.  Studying those faces deeply is the key to true progress
Also in my new kart game racing against ghosts isn't a gimmick, it's an integral part of the story
Just imagine a kart game where you spend most of the game building one with your mother in a shed, you are the only people alive on earth
Game in which you can only progress during one minute silences. You need to find creative ways to keep the nation having 1 minute silences.
What if sound effects were people that traveled the world searching for the right song to fall into? What if that song changed someone?
Game in which you create the end cinematic. Then you work your way from the start of the game to make a perfect connection into that ending.
FPS War game, you control the teddy bear of a child who has just escaped a death camp. Help them find their mother using your wits
If anyone ever wanted to base a serious gamejam on my world changing designs I would give it my blessing and support. There you go.
Game where you control a full stop. Enemies read you stories you and you have to jump in between words at the right time
Imagine an endless survival horror game where you gain coins to spend on creative scares when sneaking into your friend's game
My first mobile game will be free but if you pay a little then the NPC's will be extra nice and complement you more while playing.
Do you know what I'm fed up with? numbers in games. Don't show me how I'm doing with a number, show me with a smile or a tear.
Oh dear, only 22 cans of beer left :( hold on, that's given me an idea!...
Ah I timed this all perfectly, sat in bed playing journey in my underwear. Beer and cake by my side.
I'm freeeeee!
In #fablejourney if you pause the game for a long time your horse will start to get worried
You are a postman with x ray eyes. Do you post that nasty letter? Do you add extra money in that little boy's birthday card?
Game in which you must comfort children on a plane who are afraid of flying, game mechanic is similar to spinning plates.
The thing about Journey is that the person following you could POTENTIALLY be a family member who passed away. You just don't know.
Try to imagine a game in which you have an imaginary friend who doesn't believe you are real, you must convince them that you are.
Make a film about a horse, you get awards. Make a game about a horse, you get laughed at
3D adventure game where you have amnesia and wake up in a gigantic museum where every room is devoted to a year of your life
I designed a point and click adventure many years ago where you had to gain the trust of the pointer so it didn't lie to you
What if your friend posted a article on facebook about a serial killer, then that same killer appears in your game world?
In the future all games will share the same game over screen that you can customize and share with your friends
Imagine if your player avatar feared you? became anxious if you press the buttons too hard and fast etc?
What if you could plant seeds that grow into cover systems?
You play a father whose family dog has gone missing. You die looking for it and return home in the body of the missing dog.
Imagine carrying a radioactive baby in a pitch black environment, your baby would act as a torch. Rocking the baby intensifies the glow etc
Imagine if you had to secretly support your family via complex ventilation passages in your large industrial home?
In Fable 4 when you wait for the next area to load you can play darts on the new tablet that comes with the new xbox.
I don't care what the Chinese Zodiac says, this is the year of the horse #FableJourney
Imagine if paying bills were to be incorporated into an online videogame
Imagine a game in which you have to join protests to make changes to the rules within the game's world.
What if bullet time existed during moments such as your child dropping an ice cream, you have to leap and stop it spoiling your nice carpet?
Romantic parkour game in which you and the love of your life must hold hands and jump around a city evading death and injury
What if your son was the sun? If he sleeps, the sun vanishes. If he cries then woodlands set on fire etc
Game in which you control a waterfall and must travel the world hiding outdoor passages from adventurers.
You play a hole, you must move around an environment making certain elements fall into correct targets at the right time.
Imagine a co-op game where if your partner dies you have to spend 30minutes digging a hole to bury them before you can continue.
Imagine if you are shot in the chest and end up in hospital. Then the enemy who shot you visits with flowers.
What if your tummy rumbling created earthquakes? In a world where food is rare.
You are a small girl flying a talking kite. The kite seems to know about a upcoming major terrorist attack and floats towards clues.
Game where it's Xmas everyday and you can use your presents every night to progress further into a reoccurring dream.
Turn based 1 on 1 fighting game. Have to level up individual bones and set which order the joints are moved and rotated to create attacks
What if NPC's could load and save your game? You have to keep on their side otherwise they won't save your game, load old saves etc
New MW : You battle in huge Earth damaging wars but between missions you play as 'The Big Bang' at the start of time creating the planet.
Game I'm most excited about in 2012? #projectmother @dougiedeux finally reveals the setup bit.ly\/sH5ngz
Currently looking for intern programmers. NO ARTISTS please, you MAY think you know game art but trust me, your school failed you.
What if ghosts had dreams?
What if your special power was being able to fix broken smoke alarms from anywhere in the world?
Imagine if in new Guitar Hero you play as a busker, you witness your city evolve as your music changes the decisions of people around you
How about a game where you get to be a mother-in-law who bullies your son\u2019s young wife? the aim is to have her thrown out within X months
New Fable Journey feature, you can read bedtime stories to goblin enemies while cradling them so they fall asleep
What if your 99 year old grandfather was a key? Would you force him to travel across the world just to open a secret door?
What if you played a game where the enemies had their children chained to them?
You have to bake your enemies correctly before feeding them to your master. The oven? Only accessible during the 'game over' screen
Imagine controlling a tear, similar to flower but instead of fields you navigate a naked body.
You are a bin, by day people are throwing litter in you but by night you use that litter to highlight issues in the city through modern art
Why is it that all puzzles are environment based? What if YOU were the puzzle? You have to adapt yourself so the environment can pass YOU?
You play a babysitter, you turn up and the baby is made of cardboard. Would you stay? I want games to start asking more ethical questions
You play a ghost in a doctor's waiting room who only children can see. You must inspire them to make the best Lego\/duplex constructions?
You play a celebrity serial killer whose cult following exchanges ammunition\/weapons for autographs?
You control a mystical rabbit at a bus stop during Winter. You must find as many creative ways as possible to make people miss their buses.
before I resume this account please consider following my alt account @dougiedeux, it's going to be interesting to say the least.
Back at last. Thanks for all the support and also thanks to whoever reported me for all the extra publicity.
Fun fact of the day, Edge magazine gave the same score to Fable2 as Skyrim
Killstreaks = X seconds of battery power. After every boss you get an extension cable, similar to hearts in Zelda.
What if the more XP you gained, the longer your gun extension cable grows? What if you had sissors to cut enemie's cables? True potential
What if you lived in a world where all guns are required to be plugged into wall sockets? Now THAT would be a tactical shooter wouldn't it?
@immeasur the surrounding areas would not be the same. What if P2 had placed a goat head on the wall? you would be curious about that story?
Imagine walking past a mirror in a game that reflects the same surrounding area but from somebody else's game?
#DisneylandAdventures is frustrating, love being able to hug Mickey Mouse etc but I just want to get to know the person INSIDE the costume
Why do games still have maps? What if instead of moving around the world the world moved around YOU?
@SolidBaker exactly! might reword my tweet
4 player online co-op where one person is the hero who can only see friend's kinect skeletons which they motion to guide the hero through
What if you rode a horse that knew the solution to every puzzle? Could you still ride the horse knowing that you can't communicate with it?
I want to make a FPS with school children and water pistols\/waterbombs\/sprinklers etc in a town where the water has been contaminated
I would share my xmas based game ideas but people would moan about it being too early
Imagine if enemies had tatoo passwords for doors\/upgrades? You have to get close to see, harder enemies have smaller more discreet tatoos
A game where if you touch the floor you die. The only way to progress is to kill enemies and use their bodies as platforms.
Idea for a game. Painting your memories onto the environment, not sure how it works yet but the idea is quite beautiful.
Why does your inventory always reset every sequel? Imagine picking up a key in Fable 4 and using it on a door in Fable 7?
Game where you have to secretly make people fight each other and then afterwards use their bodies to make artwork that enriches NPC's lives.
Game in which you can use your power meter as a bridge, to make bridge reach fit bigger gaps you need to build up your power meter
Kinect sales have passed 10 million! and yet the first game to use it properly doesn't come out until next year
Imagine being able to launch a missile in Battlefield and have it hit your online friend's car in say Burnout Paradise? This is the future
You are a Pigeon who must go around the city trying to persuade business men not to jump off buildings by retrieving items from their home.
A game in which you and your father's face is a portal. You're on Earth, he is in Space. You must pass each other items to get back together
So after a meeting we've decided Fable Journey is indeed to be on rails BUT you can buy a DLC code that will let you go off those rails
Imagine an iphone game where part of the game is to leave it outside of a 500m radius of your home for 24 hours to proceed?
Imagine if you went home inbetween missions to look after your new born baby? Would be a nice contrast, better than bowling at least #GTA5
Uncharted, it's just all invisible triggers that create little events. What if there was an item that allowed you to SEE the triggers?
When you are about to die you must make your inventory a seed & plant it. Then die, go to the spot and wait for your inventory to grow back.
You are a detective solving a vital case but every time you talk to someone the Earth shakes and the environment around you falls apart?
You awake in a 88 floor skyscraper all alone. Every floor is haunted by one of 88 innocent people you killed during an illegal war.
Edge magazine has given Zelda a 10? Even EDGE don't care about refreshing and innovative games anymore. Very sad day for gaming.
I'm not allowed to tell you we're working on Fable:NextGen otherwise you won't bother buying Fable:Journey
Had to get rid of that last tweet. Please don't remember it, thanks
How about GearsOfWar4? You have to adjust to a post war world and open up emotionally to your estranged daughter? maybe THEN I'd play GOW
Imagine a constant rumble in a pad throughout the game,your heartbeat. Then at the end, you die and it just stops. Physical emotion.
How about something completely new? A game where you have to pay tribute to someone, collect everything about them and create a museum?
Actually, what if your MP3 music player's battery life was your actual life? #danceFPS
You regain health by dancing, which you can only do where music is playing. So you need to find musicians or maybe find a rave #danceFPS
Working on a concept for the world's first dancing FPS game, it's a mix between Moonwalker, Dance Central and TimeSplitters.
@petermolydeux I think I was one of the only people who actually bothered to finish Fable 4....
RT @Monkiimagic: @petermolydeux I think I was one of the only people who actually bothered to finish Fable 4....
In Fable Journey, if you annoy a certain person they will show you a part of the ending cut scene from Fable4.
@UberEpicElite well the 10 people who have already Retweeted within a minute don't agree so you lose
Imagine a world where people don't talk, physical words are hidden underground. You must travel the world hunting 'I', 'love' and 'you.
EA just closed down Bright Light here in Guildford.Thoughts go out to you all (apart from the guy who thought of making HPotter a GOW clone)
Imagine playing the only coin in the world and you're being used to decide on outcomes for all global debates.
Congrats to @RocksteadyGames but how about next time to be a bit less obvious and more daring, make the environment SMALLER than AA?
A fold out cover barrier that talks to you, there you go @thereaIcliffyb you can have that for free.
@petermolydeux  Mr Peter Molydeux? Honored to have come with the same idea as yours. I've shipped first, but talking gun is now a standard.
RT @suda_51: @petermolydeux  Mr Peter Molydeux? Honored to have come with the same idea as yours. I've shipped first, but talking gun is ...
@suda_51 still can't believe u stole my idea about a talking gun. Was going to make it beautiful but can't now or they will say I copied YOU
Imagine if when you kill someone their death animation loops and 'burns' into your screen so you have to watch it for the rest of the game?
A game where you have to kill yourself is so amateur and indy. My idea is basically you jump off bridge, floor turns into water and so on.
In #believe There is a room with 10,000 Milos. Which one is YOUR Milo? Can you tell? If not, I've failed. YOUR Milo will be unique to YOU.
RT @desensitisation: Here's some stuff that didn't make it into the final @petermolydeux article. Did you know he nearly worked at Lionh ...
Game in which you only control the angle of your character. 1 day = 1 step forward. You can buy\/gift extra steps to friends.
In the next Fable, you will finally discover the backstory of the breadcrumbs.
Imagine a game with 1 goal which is to kill yourself. Now imagine that the environment constantly adapts to stop you. Excited?
Boss that also has a ghost. Must play spot the difference to find weak spots. Ghost only has 7 eyes? shoot that 8th eye on the boss etc
Racing game where you only have 2 speeds. 0MPH and 10,000 MPH. Did you just run over a little child? who knows? how does that make you feel?
Games on phones is wrong. If you cry, your tears will fall on the screen and mess up the image at a crucial moment. It's just wrong.
I do respect #stevejobs but he did sort of destroy our industry. More likely to make AngryChickens now instead of Fable 4, thanks Steve.
You play a boy who has a desire to educate his neighbourhood by providing them newspapers while riding a bicycle #retrodeux
By the way, this account is for waking up the games industry, not wishing your friend well in a charity bungee jump. NO REQUESTS PLEASE.
You are a frog who must cross a busy road. Twist is that traffic doesn't move smoothly, it teleports 1 step ahead continuously #retrodeux
My next game is going to explore the following question 'Would you give birth to a child if they were invisible?'
Let me tell you that gaming isn't about winning, gaming is about believing. What if games rewarded you for believing rather than winning?
What if everyone in the game had text constantly around them expressing their feelings? Now, imagine in this game you can CLIMB text?
You are a creature who can only eat bullets for survival. You must try and get people to shoot you, then go back later and eat the bullets
You know in cut scenes when it says '3 months later...'? What if the game ACTUALLY locked your save file for 3 months?
Imagine if people's emotions created gas clouds in the air which could then be inhaled, mixed or blown into other people's directions?
I want to make a game where you see a tree, think 'Lets use that to get to space' and you just can. Why does a tree HAVE to be just a tree?
Gears3. NO! Emotion in a game should not be hitting a hidden trigger that activates a sad movie. Hello Devs? Games are INTERACTIVE you know?
I want to make a game next year, that will be better than a game from 2030. That's just how I work...
For those buying Gears, hope you can sleep knowing you are part of the reason why Microsoft say yes to marines but no to little boys with ai
You control an entertainment unit in a large family home. You choose their games, music and films. All of which influence their future
Played cut the rope earlier and thought about making a game called cut the umbilical cord. I just don't care about giving candy to a frog
Would love to make a corridor shooter but where all walls are invisible. Constantly worrying if that enemy has open space to aim at you.
Also what if killing enemies makes them fall to the floor and point towards the exit? That's the only way to find your way out.
What if every bullet you fired hits the floor & spends 10 minutes evolving into a fast paced creature that will chase you down for revenge?
Can you imagine, just imagine a game where the enemies are actually able to use cheat codes?
If there was a villian halfway through a game who showed you the game's end cinematic would that be annoying or innovative?
A survival horror game where the enemies can only be seen in mirrors? Could add more depth by having dirty mirrors that need to be cleaned?
Surely we can reinvent FPS?  Imagine a FPS where your eyes are on the back of your head?
What if Flower 2 was set just after WorldWar2? You progress by touching dead bodies littered over battlefields, restoring the land.
Your child is made of lego, you have to detatch bricks to make bridges etc You need to keep adding bricks to stop him getting depressed.
sorry for the rant, back to Fable:Journey. Been recently asking myself 'what if a horse was AWARE that noises he emits are merely sfx?'
World is being taken over by demons, you play as a human disguised as the demon psychologist of the demon leader.
@DavidBraben In Disneyland, as a child do you have a morality status based on your actions? Such as choosing to hug or bite Mickey Mouse?
That bit in Fable Journey we showed you at E3 wasn't all there was to the game. It also has a bit where you throw hoops onto sticks.
Imagine a game where 3 pauses and it's game over. The game plays door bells, ringtones etc trying to make you accidently pause the game
The team currently working on #cooptopus just wanted it to be a retro side scrolling shooter, down to old me again to inject some emotion :(
Imagine being able to suck polygons out of enemies. initially they look next gen but you can drain them to look like they are from 1995.
Just tried to move a character with my tongue on the ipad, it works! Will think about this overnight and get back to you tomorrow #itongue
Imagine a fishing game where rivers are other different dimensions in time. You can reel in a old toy from your childhood for example
@petermolydeux How about we play ET: The Extra Terrestrial and the loser changes their game to a remake of it?
RT @thatgamecompany: @petermolydeux How about we play ET: The Extra Terrestrial and the loser changes their game to a remake of it?
I challenge @thatgamecompany to a match of Speedball2. Whoever loses has to change the word 'Journey' from their upcoming game. You in?
Adventure game where you need to follow a twitter account that provides door codes every day so you can progress further into the game
A game where you are in a large open world full of toxic poison, everyone wears gas masks and have to use puppets for communication
The angle of the bullet's direction changes depending on the % that you love your cat after 3 hours. That's where I'm going with this.
You have 1 bullet. Once fired it enters slow motion, can take hours to reach it's target. Things you do from then on affect it's direction
You wake up one day in a fortress, your family are little plants. You must escape with all plants, watering them and keeping in sunlight etc
Imagine pressing jump and then you have a 3 day countdown until you jump. So you have to search for a gap within 3 days and then wait.
I also love the idea of playing a character who is PRETENDING to be blind, so you have to keep bumping into things to not arouse suspicion
Imagine being able to verbally tell a funny joke to a guard and causing him to roll over laughing allowing you past?
Imagine spying on a guard's face from afar and knowing which route he will take just by reading his facial expressions?
You can't depend on your eyes, when your imagination is out of Focus.
You are a child playing hide&seek, as you hide the world fast forwards. You come out, everyone has died. You must find your friend's ghosts
I think a yearly game jam where all the ideas have to come from @petermolydeux 's tweets from the past year would be great. ;)
RT @mcmuttons: I think a yearly game jam where all the ideas have to come from @petermolydeux 's tweets from the past year would be grea ...
Online sidescrolling co-op 8 player game where each person controls a leg of a octopus. Each leg can attach guns which the player can fire
I want stories to have physics, THAT is interesting to me. A story that can blend naturally, bending organically and not be static
Physics takes away the control from us designers, instead of spending time on the game we spend time making sure they don't break things
Playing #FromDust again, it's like that awful indie Tetris game that has physics. Physics is the worst thing to happen to gaming this gen.
I would love to make a L.A Noire style detective game that features humans but they have no faces. They can't talk.
Game where you play a robot that must entertain a child but as he grows up the boy becomes a serial killer. Do you stop or help?
We need to stop making games that say 'I'm a videogame' and start making games that say 'What am I?' #xbox3
Can you imagine, projecting your game on top of somebody else's game? Creating special overlays that open up new abilities? #xbox3
Need to melt a ice door to get into a dungeon? why not project your game onto a fire? Excited yet? #xbox3
Project the game onto a old person, your weapon is a cane. Project the game onto a child your weapon is a balloon. #xbox3
Imagine projecting a game onto a male, your avatar is blue. Now project it onto a female and your avatar is pink. Tip of the iceberg #xbox3
Pressing buttons to fire a gun? fair enough. Pressing buttons to create magic? Sorry, you're past your sell by date #diablo3
For the first time ever,This new console will allow for organic game design. What if you could play a game before it's even designed? #xbox3
Microsoft wanted 'Milo' to be the #xbox3 dashboard. I asked them 'what if a dashboard was a game in itself?', never heard back from them
The week Microsoft scrapped Milo was the week they started to design #xbox3, that's what I truly believe.
What if a console was able to guess what you wanted to play and started to load it up as you walk into the house? #xbox3
This week, it's #xbox3 week. Yes, I know what the new xbox is. I can't give specifics, all very NDA. I can however share some recent dreams
Had a idea that combines the intimate moment of delivering babies with Crazy Taxi last night. Can emotional arcade style gaming work?
@desensitisation don't worry about it, you can all recreate my ideas. Infact, anyone can. What you can't recreate is the soul of my designs
You are in a room with just a bed. When you sleep you become the bed. How does it feel to be a bed? degrading? what can you do about it?
The problem I had with lemmings is that they were just so disposable. Imagine if each and every lemming had a complex meaningful back story?
Instead of loading screens enemies should just pretend to 'pause' the game to annoy you?  It could actually be part of the game's story?
@Murdersandwich you were the only one to retweet it. Congrats
What if a game fell asleep if your actions were so tedious and repetitive?
Ask yourself this before you go to bed tonight. What if your soul was a grid that could be measured upon other entities within a game?
Imagine if controllers expressed emotions by changing temperature. Embrace a loved one, it gets warm. If they ignore you, it goes cold etc
What if you could write and place sticky notes in a virtual world and what they say become reality?
A game where custom music is the key to solving puzzles? Need to cure? Classical. Attack? Rock music. Fire? Song with the word fire in it.
Imagine a platformer where upon landing on the floor you create earthquakes destroying tribes of little people. Would you still jump?
What if your body is essentially a hourglass? Intense acrobatic game where you have to make sure sand is always falling and never stops
Your abusive step father chases you into a space rocket that accidently blasts off. It's just you, a 8 year old boy and him, alone in space.
Can you imagine pitching Dizzy today? \
You play as a grandad. You can only interact with your grandchildren by playing a saxaphone which is required to escape a dream like castle
Can you imagine playing a character who has a fully functional town on his body? Need to fix your leg? build and fund a hospital on it etc
Ok I'll stop my ranting. I'll just finish with this, let's stop doing \
What if a hiscore was infact a living character within the game world, what if you fell in love with them? and had hiscore children?
A game where you build\/destroy sandcastles but then discover it's having an impact on the world. Like the movie 'WarGames' but with nature
I wanted that Rambo license. My idea was that Rambo is dead, you control his ghost and must locate and hug every one of his victim's ghosts
Imagine playing a game on the TV but the story is on the WiiU screen. Yet you have the ability to swap at any time.
The best game environments tell a story. What if you could play out that story while also playing the core game? At the same time.
What if a final boss had 10 minions that you had to interact with and your choice of interactions alter how the final boss battles you?
Strange how bosses still have weak spots that just suddenly appear? Imagine a long backstory that slowly uncovers and explains a weak spot?
Action game where before you can kill someone you must teleport to their family home back in time and spend a hour in their company.
What if you could steal animation frames from other NPC's animation cycles and give them to yourself or others to solve puzzles?
What if you could actually take part in a game with your family while you all sat around the dinner table eating your dinner?
You know, what if the aim of the game was to resist actually completing it? That kept me up all night yesterday.
You know I love the idea of a boy holding a ice cream which reresents his health. Similar to Dead Space's Isaac but more creative.
Imagine a game world where people can only convey their feelings through puppets. To show emotion x you need to steal someone elses puppet
A game where you have to bring in multiple characters to slow the game's frame rate down enabling you to pass obstacles etc?
Game where for every hour you sleep your child grows older by a week. Every hour they sleep you get younger by a week.
I bet @thereaIcliffyb watchs aliens & cowboys with a notepad in hand
A game where you just go around listening to people, taking key words and transforming them into real objects to help you progress
What if falling through floors was a feature and not a bug? What lies below? want to risk your life to find out?
You are Cupid, you must find compatible partners. One arrow in each partner, connected with lasers. If any NPC touches laser, game over
is getting drunk while watching videos of 'From Dust' on youtube. I'm getting angry but I'll keep my mouth shut.
A survival horror game where you have to sing lullabies to your 2 year old to stop them from screaming\/crying and giving your position away
Imagine interactive romantic novels for facebook, you may laugh but that's potentially the biggest new genre since the music game genre
Today I'm studying romantic gameplay mechanics.
Imagine a game where you are a clown and have to make others laugh YET if YOU laugh, kinect detects it and it's game over #poeticgaming
So far, us designers have been making incredible cuisine. However, problem is that we're serving it straight on a table rather than a plate
In the Shigeru Miyamoto classic, SMBros, why are there tortoises that throw hammers? No Reason. Sometimes, 'No reason' is just 'fun'.
What if there was a game that had no start or end but just a middle?
Imagine if you could upload your family photos into a game and they appear in pictures\/posters etc all around the game world?
Why are bosses mostly big? What if the final boss was merely a cunning ant? As designers we need to challenge the 'rules' more often.
You grow from baby to old man and back to baby and this keeps looping every 10 seconds. Small gap? Time it so you can go through as a baby.
10,000 followers, nearly half way now to getting more than that horrible fake @pmolyneux account. He hasn't even tweeted since April 3rd.
Playing Heavy Rain again, I want to take that scene where you hold a baby and sing a lullaby but make an entire game out of it.
Oh new wiiu idea. How are people feeling inside? Hold wiiu over screen and it says something like \
Want to make our next game appeal to both sexes. For every kill you get a new piece of furniture to decorate your house?
There are 206 bones in the human body? Imagine, just imagine a 206 multiplayer game where each person controls a bone?
You are a bear but for some reason your oxygen comes from hugging people. Problem is that hugging people breaks their bones. #Poeticgaming
@manojalpa I don't get it all the time, no. So thank you. Love you too.
Imagine if Aeris as a ghost said you could be with her if you jump off this cliff, you do it and die, it's game over. How would you feel?
The Last Guardian ending? The catbird dies? Not if I was making it. I would have the boy wake up stroking his cat as it's giving birth.
What if a game was initially an experience and then slowly started to become a game?
@alex_navarro LAST GUARDIAN
What if you could attach a part from EVERY enemy in the game to yourself Katamari style? Building yourself and your powers up?
@KeefJudge Am I going there this year?
My Designer workshop #14 : Make a game where the player's only tool is a ruler.
The difference between myself and @thereaIcliffyb is that he gets his ideas from movies. I get my ideas from real life experiences.
@teamonkey go for it. Everyone else steals my ideas.
You control a small child but your vision is from the teddy bear that the child is grasping onto during a war
What if everyone in the world had an explosive telephone in their body? If you could find out their number you can detonate their phone?
How do you get past a fearless guard? You extract the fear of a pigeon you just attacked and transfer it to the guard. Now he'll run away.
What if I were to tell you that today we've been exploring the idea of recyclable emotion?
I want to make a game in space. Not set in space, I mean actually develop a game in space. Would it make for a better game though?
@VexingVision but there is no interaction?
Can you truly visualize in your mind the possibilities of a 'game over' screen that is also a character that can be interacted with?
What if you had the power to distort? What if you had the power to distort reflections?
Your loved one has turned into a snowman. Yet your body needs to be as hot as a oven on high heat to survive. What would you do?
What if all characters in a game had visible body clocks appear right above them? What if you had the power to adjust those clocks?
Just remember your horse has feelings \u2013 if you push your horse to the point of collapse you\u2019re going to feel pretty guilty about that.
OF COURSE! we've all been shifting the sofa across the room while using kinect. What if we USED the sofa as a key part of the game?
You control someone who must entice as many people as possible to sit on a sofa within x amount of time. Like Crazy Taxi but without wheels.
Are we using the same incredible capture technology as that seen in L.A Noire for the horse? I couldn't possibly comment on that just yet :)
In Fable Journey you will be able hold out your hand and feed your horse apples but first you need to gain his trust by patting him 64 times
What if I were to tell you, that in Fable Journey you will be able to look into your horse's eyes and know if he is concerned?
Poor @fumito_ueda, I'm about to strip him of his 'Best emotional scene involving a horse' award
Game where you must hold onto your mother's hand. Let go for more than X seconds and it's game over
To those who keep asking, yes, we're still working on \
You know, my dream for gaming is where in one game you'll shoot someone and then during a game of say Fifa you'll see their son crying
You live in a little house made of guns. You need many guns to fight invaders but you also need to keep a roof on top of your many children.
People were shouting at me not to put miscarriages in Theme Hospital, yet in kids movie 'UP' it's acceptable. I was ahead of my time.\
Imagine Portal but in reverse. If you can't visualize that, don't bother trying to be a game designer.
He then circled a rock, as if to say \
What if your face was a mirror?
Imagine 'A Boy and his Blob' but instead of beans you force emotions on him. Give him contempt and he'll make a bridge, etc
You start the game with no emotion, you must find and obtain them and then use them to find more. My game would have 120 emotions.
Imagine playing the life of someone when from the start of a game a movie is constantly playing in the corner showing your child's life.
Have you ever played a racing game and wanted to play as the road rather than the cars? I know I have...
Imagine in my EPS, one is in a empty room with a locked door but another is in a room with a key. Overlay their vision and you can get out
I would create the worlds first EPS. Eight peoples vision overlayed on top of each other to create Eight Person Perspective.
FPS never really evolved. If I did a FPS I wouldn't make it first person view for starters. I'd break that rule straight away.
Take away the atmosphere, take away the magic, take away the stylized flashy graphics and Bioshock Infinite is basically just Doom
You have to battle your way out of a battlezone while also maneuvering a pram with a baby, you can attach armour to pram and use as cover
War game where at the end you walk through a graveyard looking at each and every headstone of those you killed followed with 1minute silence
I want to use lying system from L.A and have you play as a teacher in a elementry school. Did kid A really put woodlice in kid B's yogurt?
How about this, listen, a game where you can control if it's in HD or SD and both play a vital part in solving puzzles?
You are a scarecrow in a world with just 1 bird
Imagine an action game where upon killing each enemy you see a 1 minute unique cutscene flashing through their entire life
What if your body was a washing machine and you had to wash your enemies before you can kill them?
I'm the British Miyamoto. I refuse to call it Fable 4, Fable Journey is my Super Mario World.  Who needs SMB4?
You play as a small boy with a remote control helicoptor that is alive and your friend, then you discover a nuclear missle inside it
Other things I would like to play as are dust, regret as a character, a microwave, carpet, lung, statue, bullet, television and a nose.
I could remember as a kid loving ants nests, seeing ants just crawling around their nests, and I was always intrigued by them
Imagine being able to create a spell and then stretch and squeeze it with your fingertips
In 2 years we'll all look back and laugh how we used to cast spells in games using buttons
Thinking of going to TokyoGameShow this year. How do you say 'Not on rails' in Japanese?
Would the microwave scene in MGS4 have been more emotional if it was for kinect? Doing 'crawl' swimming motions perhaps?
New Fable will have it's own emotional button tapping scene. All I will say for now is 'horse' and 'CPR' and 'Bit that doesn't use kinect'
We've had games that go sideways, up and down, rotate even but what about a game that turns itself inside out?
An entire adventure game based in one room, can it be done? Movies have done it, why not games?
FPS where your arms are controled by a psychopath who keeps firing guns at innocent people. You must turn away from them and run.
Imagine a stealth game where the only way to calm yourself down is by setting off fireworks, of course they can also be used as weapons.
5000 followers! Now only need 18,000 more until we get more than that annoying fake @pmolyneux account
If I made a Transformers game you would control a boy playing with Transformer figures in a house filled with domestic family abuse
Throw a ball into the TV, then a child brings it back to you on the wiiU. Now let me ask you this, what if we replaced balls with emotions?
Fighting game where you fight with kinect based dancing moves. A bit like Moonwalker with Kinect but without MJ.
Interesting fact, I once pitched a Columbo game. You could actually enter killer's minds and find things. Then Tim Schafer stole it.
Visualize an open world game set in a white box. During the night you dream and can place elements from your dream into the blank world
So just imagine this, your pet chews on a special toy,  it affects the game world. So in a sense YOUR pet is creating the world around you?
What if you were half man half tree? You can only fight when in soil and constantly grow throughout the game.
Interesting concept, enemies with dirty piano keyboards for heads. To kill them you must clean the piano without making a noise.
Fablemore, new website coming soon. Ever wondered where Reaver purchased his hat?
Love repeating staircases in games like M64, FF7 etc Always a bit disapointed when they end, would be an interesting message if didn't stop
Let me ask you this. What if you could control the speed of emotion? Think Max Payne but with an 'Emotion Time' mechanic.
When Mother read me 3 Little Pigs as a child I wanted the pigs to form an alliance and build one house together. Wasn't possible with a book
Imagine if instead of reading a bedtime story to your child you played a 10 minute portable adventure game that generated random storylines?
So Suda51 stole my idea about a gun that talks to you? sometimes I should just keep my ideas to myself.
Crates are not just solid objects anymore, you can look inside them to find dead puppies. #NewGrittyTRaider
Reading script for new tombraider, there is a bit where she is forced to make a raft with her own bones. Very gritty and dark.
Game where you play as a magician but have no magic powers. You must entertain goblins to escape a castle by deceiving them with illusions.
I find it funny, you all think emotional horse scenes had peaked with SOTC but just you wait, just you wait and see...
Horses, have you ever asked yourselves if horses cry? what if horse tears could open doors and defeat your enemies? #fablejourney
A FPS where you control a soldier's shoe, however imagine if you play as a shoe that was left at home with your wife and children during war
How come nobody is moaning about the new Bioshock being 'on rails'? It's more 'on rails' than Fable Journey.
Fable Journey : IT IS NOT ON RAILS! (well it is but it's evolved) please RT!
Great set piece in FableJourney where you must defend your horse while it is being attacked. At the same time the horse is giving birth.
You know, I have this idea where you play 50% of Fable Journey and then it suddenly becomes a controller only game. No one else would dare..
Microsoft are telling me to stop being so enthusiastic about the WiiU, ok back to kinect. You remember? that camera thing from last year?
I'm controlling a pregnant mother who can see her baby's dreams on the wiiu screen. The dreams reveal new and hidden pathways in the game
Mortal Kombat wiiU. Now you can play in front of kids, on TV blood is green but on your wiiU the blood is red.
WiiU Scrabble. Now you can hide your letters from other players.
Game with ONE enemy hunting you down in an empty scary world. WiiU controller shows HIS vision. Next generation tension right there.
WiiU Portal, you go through an orange portal and are on the TV. Go through a blue portal however and you are on the controller screen.
Also in L.A Noire WiiU you can now have your very own notepad and cross out words yourself. So you will feel just like a real detective.
Imagine L.A Noire on wiiu. Is he lying? Hold up the controller over the tv, on the controller it says 'Yes, he IS lying!'
What if you were to have a virtual boy on your very controller? sitting right next to you? providing hints about the game on the tv?
Imagine, if you will, playing as a bullet in Modern Warfare 3 (Thanks @giantbomb)
So if my missus is watching a soap on the tv, can I come in and play Mario and make her watch the rest of it on the controller?
Game where you control character on tv screen but on ANOTHER screen you see their emotion.
Am recording footage of children being sick on 3DS's and am going to try and swap it with the pre Nintnendo Intro video. #E3backstage
Sure! why not. RT @GameHorizon: @petermolyneux2 - will you be coming along to the GameHorizon Conference this year?
Reggie and Iwata are going around trashing booths that contain iphone games. #e3backstage
That's right, The Journey (fable) will feature cutting edge horse sweat technology.
Iwata is Recording footage of actors pretending to amazed by the 3D in 3DS. #e3backstage
Yes it's true, I'm so excited about @thatgamecompany title 'Journey' that I named the new Fable game after it.
Cage,Ueda and Kojima rehearsing on their presentation of their joint PS3 partnership title 'The Muppets Groove with Move' #E3backstage
They are discussing what the final reveal should be. New Halo, new xbox or that Kevin Butler is now working for Microsoft #E3backstage
Kudo Tsunoda is going through the script trying to find a natural place to throw in a BAM! #E3backstage
Amazed by Fable 3. The game just keeps going on! Well done @LionheadStudios @petermolyneux2
RT @JenTheThirdGal: Amazed by Fable 3. The game just keeps going on! Well done @LionheadStudios @petermolyneux2
\u201c@therealcliffyb: Molyneaux is currently watching loud and obnoxious cartoons on his Ipad in the green room.\u201d can't even spell my name :(
@TimOfLegend If you really think you're so creative I dare you to make a seseme street game about the actors rather than the characters.
Imagine playing a baby, growing up, giving birth and playing as the new born. However, these cycles only last for 5 seconds.
What if there was a fighting game where the mechanic was to 'colour in' parts of your enemy to create your own weak spots?
Could playing as a vending machine be fun? That is my question to you young designers out there today.
A game in which you control a boy playing with action figures, you only control his big hands and also his mouth for making SFX.
Playing fable 3 Thanks to @petermolyneux2 And @LionheadStudios  for making this game
RT @Gaming_Times: Playing fable 3 Thanks to @petermolyneux2 And @LionheadStudios  for making this game
Warning to @RareLtd, remaking Killer Instinct may bring in some cash and gain love from fans but Edge will give you a 6
Typical Indie dev today 'Let's just make a game like Tetris but instead of boring blocks let's have cute but edgy cats and achievements'
Imagine a sports game that during intervals you need to woo a special lady while also tracking down her killer stalker.
I'd like to make a game where the tutorial comes up after the credits.
Communication with sand?
Yet again interviewing a graduate designer who was born in the same year that I made populous.
I've tried asking someone in LA Noire if they wanted help with their paperwork and they didn't respond. Oh yes, so innovative...
I miss cables, would love to make a game where the joypad cable becomes part of a core mechanic within a game.
Work is going forward on my stealth game that has fully transparent environment.
What if the pause button was a weapon? Until developers think outside the box we're going downhill.
What if you could upset a virtual character so much that they would interfere in your other games? Such as kill your star player in NBA?
I'm just so bored of films. Why can't I rewatch Romeo and juliet and see what happens if you make them drink beer instead of poison?
Modern warfare 3. You play an illusionist who must initially entertain troops but then go on to use your illusions on the battlefield.
Modern warfare 3. You play as a dog trying to find his lost family. Music score by Elton John.
Modern warfare 3. Your only weapons are marbles. You must strategically place them for max damage. Same art style as Windwaker.
Modern warfare 3. You are a journalist who is taken hostage. The entire game takes place in 1 room with you tied to a washing machine.
Modern warfare 3. You play as a School teacher trying to keep all his pupils alive while their city is being invaded.
Modern warfare 3. You play as a baby who must keep his father optimistic as he tries to escape his country during an intense war.
Modern warfare 3. You must use your magical tattoos to hunt down the 9\/11 terrorists when they were children and bring them up differently.
Modern warfare 3. If it features either guns or FPS view I'm just not interested.
A game that can only be played 1 minute at a time by 1 different person in the world while being streamed to everyone 24\/7?
Game where you have 100 children but each time you fire a bullet a child dies.
I want to make a game based on snakes and ladders but make it an epic adventure rpg game.
What if different parts of a handheld game could only be played in specific areas? Want to complete level 3? Go to great wall of china.
I just don't care about moving stock, the only thing I want to move are tears down people's faces.
I just didn't appreciate Game Dev Story, it portrays developers as groups whose main aim is to make money.
Game where you go back in time and create the first ever videogame.
Thinking about making a QTE based action adventure game like heavy rain where you use a steering wheel as the main controller.
Nowadays I can't help think of milo on good Fridays. I gave milo to the world only for him to be crucified. He will rise again...
The entirety of new game takes place inside the mind of a pixel. What if a pixel had personality. What if it was truly a living pixel?
What if, imagine, you play a war hero whose victims stick to him like magnets as soon as they die. Like katamari  but with a message.
You are man with violin. You go around playing sad music sucking in peoples tears which can be used as a currency for weapons.
What if the way to save your game was through a QTE?
A game that starts outside of a videogame and eventually over time becomes a videogame?
The amount of gamers out there with gears of war tattoos frustrates me. Never seen any tattoos of fable, populous, magic carpet etc
Water never has temperature in games does it? Have you noticed?
Imagine a fast paced explosive war game that half way through suddenly the mission for the rest of the game is to woo a lady.
Imagine a game where you play against a friend online then afterwards you find it infact wasn't your friend but the CPU?
Wow, someone just did a pitch with no words. They simply just showed an image. It was profound, beautiful and I was almost in tears.
Some tv actress on a stage now from a show called 'Essex'? Talking about how fantastic  games are, she seems to think 3DS is a portable wii.
I should be on that stage, I could talk about my idea for 3DS game where 3D slider is a game mechanic. Would be more relevant than this.
Am at the 3DS launch event in Guilford. Some Pop group on the stage, why does everyone sound like they are singing in saucepans these days?
What if a cover system had raw emotion? i.e having to use dead people that you loved as a means of cover?
@petermolyneux2 A serious response to your \
RT @DeeJayGamer: @petermolyneux2 A serious response to your \
In my next game this message will appear time to time \
just imagine the death of aeris if kinect was able to impose the face of a loved one on her. Would have been so more intense.
Next gen isn't reflections in puddles. Next gen is emotions within emotions.
Imagine if we created a specialized set for a augmented reality xbox game? It is being recorded 24\/7 and streamed live to every xbox?
Young designers, stop making your ladders glow. It's a ladder, we know it can be interacted with. If it can't then don't have a ladder.
Imagine a game where reflections showed solutions? Can't get past a door? Make a puddle and look into it for the answer.
Imagine fighting with a sword that was captured by your great great grandmother after she courageously battled a dragon zombie demon.
Imagine playing a character knowing that your great great great grandfather built up in xp etc. THAT is surely our goal?
Imagine a game that lasts forever where your children and their children continue playing your profile.
I promise you all, right now, that within the next decade I will create the perfect videogame.
I want to create the most exciting revolutionary gaming mechanic since sucking up ghosts while driving in ghostbusters.
What if we lived in a world where everyone had wind up keys on their backs, what if you had nobody to turn your key? What would you do?
Game where you are like jack Bauer but to kill enemies you are transported to gameshow and correct answers = kills.
I want to make a fps where all guns are water based.
Hey @americanmcgee, we should work together and make a Mary Poppins game. I have loads of ideas involving umbrella mechanics.
Those are too easy to design though, child's play. How about SANDPAPER man?
Amazes me when people think games like Explosion Man are creative...VELCRO man...I literally just thought that up. Am I a genius?
An action game with a female protagonist with baby strapped to chest. Must not wake the baby.
Game where you play a touring clown, you start in the streets and make your way to various circuses and ultimately a film star like Chaplin.
My next game will all take part during the night. I'll add some puddles and reflections on billboards too. It will be NEXT GEN stuff.
Well, received my award last night. I tell you, had to keep my cool when Limbo won best visuals.
@mega64official hey guys, bored in my hotel room watching populous on youtube. Let's hang out! I could star in one of your funny videos??
The Charlie Sheen of videogames, @therealcliffyb doing a talk soon. I bet he swears all the way through it.
It's 5.18am in San Francisco here in my hotel room. Can't sleep. Was thinking about how a videogame of 127 hours could work.
On the plane now to GDC. Imagine a game that you could ONLY play on planes, not sure what it would be but it's an interesting idea isn't it?
Dinner party last night and someone did the inevitable 'You should make a game about washing up!' Hate that, keeps me up all night
If I made a Sesame Street videogame I'd make it so you play the actors inside the costumes or the puppeteers.
Working on a new game, it's going to be called Halos.
You play as a snowman but if kinect detects too much light you melt so you can only play at night or in a very dark room.
We had Cleese, Fry, Pegg, Kingsley etc doing voiceovers for Fable3.  Yet Limbo is up for best audio. Isn't Limbo's audio just wind samples?
How on earth is LIMBO up for more nominations than Fable3 in the upcoming Baftas?!  \
Imagine killing significant characters in a game and then they pop up as subtle ghosts in other games.
Another fable 4 idea from public \
Have any games had hailstones yet?
Have you noticed how many games have crates yet in no game can you actually play as a crate.
An action game where your character is constantly falling. You can hang onto things but only for 1-3 seconds.
Imagine portal but instead of seeing other parts of the world in your local game you can see and enter areas of your friend's game world.
Why is everyone impressed about that 10 year old girl making a game? I was doodling designs for populous on my nappies.
New kinect idea for underwater sections, you have to make one single sound with mouth. Oxygen is based on duration of unbroken sound tone.
We've had emotional game endings but have we ever had an emotional title screen?
You awake on a plane on your own and walk down the aisle but it keeps looping. It is a never ending plane. What is going on?
Imagine living in a world where all anyone can do is hurt each other. You on the other hand, your only ability is to hug those around you.
Can you visualise a world where horizontal is impossible? You are forever falling or attached to verticals?
Imagine a game about a film crew making a movie based on fable.
Game where you play a life support machine in a hospital but during the night you turn into a diseased rat.
Imagine if you will a game where you are a door willing people on to open you.
Game where are a coin being passed around. Must travel as far as possible, placing yourself in ideal places to be picked up and transported
Anyone who downloads bulletstorm demo today, I hope you can sleep well tonight, I really do.
If I were to make a new batman game I would have the player control a bat that overwatches batman from afar.
A game within a game within a game within a game...outside of a game
Imagine if you could text your character and you actually see them receive it in the game. What would you do if they refused to look at it?
Is it possible to make a videogame with no animation? does input always require animation?
I'd like to make a kinect survival horror game where at key moments you must stay absolutely still to avoid being found.
3D without glasses is all very fun but right now, let me tell you, we're looking into doing 3D with no screen.
Congrats @mediamolecule , enjoy it while it lasts. It's the difficult third game where you'll find that your fans start to turn.
does anyone really enjoy shimmering along edges?
I mean, what if, just imagine for a moment that you could actually take  CONTROL of a door.
doors and windows however, they interest me.
I promise that from here on none of my games will feature walls, ceilings or floors.
A videogame that turns into a boardgame halfway through.
Imagine being a spy in a game world where the entire environment is transparent and so you can't hide.
Enough is enough, Graham Young is leaving at 4PM today and I'm going to dig deep in his PC to see what on earth he is up to.
Is it possible to make a racing game with emotion? No. Is it possible to make a emotional driving section of a game? absolutely.
So Edge magazine gave Fable3 a 7 and Fable2 a 9. Should of just remade Fable2 but with stylized black and white pixel art or something.
Also thinking about a charity game. Where everyone pays to control one single entity and the further they get the more cash they raise.
Imagine, if you will. A game that you have to theoretically give birth to before you can even start playing it.
Game dev challenge #32. Design an adventure game that is impossible to write a gamefaqs style playthrough guide for.
Has there ever really been a hole in a game? So far we've had 2D\/3D representations of holes but have we actually had a PHYSICAL hole?
A game where you play as a ghost of a zombie where you have memory flashbacks of the person you were before becoming a zombie.
I remember the good old days when game developers would excitedly talk about their AI to journalists.
I remember several years ago pitching a game where you run a game development studio, everyone just laughed at me saying nobody would play.
Some journalist called Fable3 'The greatest 7\/10 game of the year' what on earth does THAT mean?
A game that comes with 4 pairs of specs. Each one changes the way the game world looks, so you have to keep changing them to get through.
Kinect out tonight. It could have been today where the second most important game character whose name starting with M was unleashed upon us
People moaning about waiting an extra 5 seconds to get to the map. In my day you had to wait 5 MINUTES for the game to load. Get over it!
How has Vanquish got 83 on metacritic and Fable3 a 81? What new experiences does Vanquish bring to gaming? Sliding?
1 minute!! till the most IMPORTANT game of the year is out!! ARE YOU READY??!
Can everyone please just ignore the reviews about my new game please. Reviewers are not real gamers, they don't play my games properly.
What if a game were to lie to you? \
In my new game you'll be controlling a window. What type of window? You'll have to wait for GDC11 for that answer...
Would love to make a platformer where you play as a thing with a microwave for a head. You have to grab enemies, put them in your head. Etc
A game that you can only play for 5 minutes and then send to a friend who continues playing for another 5 minutes before he passes it on.
Using a steering wheel peripheral to control a character rather than a vehicle. Sorry, just tweeting aloud. Ignore me.
I'm currently exploring the idea of making a game that begins with a gameover screen where you can't continue.
Was thinking about text adventure games. Imagine an adventure game set in a 3D world where all objects are made of text.
Why can I not use that tree as a spacecraft? In the ultimate game, you should be able to do ANYTHING. I'm working on it. Hang in there.
Made everyone make a cake to bring in today. Little do they know that I base promotions on this. Creative cakes = creative employees.
New designer said  'The Last Guardian'  is basically just \
Someone's selling their free copy of HaloReach on the company email because they don't have any consoles. Why you working here again??
[10 print \
What if LOVE was a character?
Tech demo guy (won't name the game) shows me how you can zoom in and see a nail head. He then get's shot from behind. I laugh and leave.
what if you were playing GearsOfWar and kinect was able to detect a baby in the room and turn the blood green until the baby leaves?
What if I were to tell you that we've come up with oxygen that is able to communicate?
Why are there always MASSIVE monster 'bosses' in modern games? Would it not be so refreshing to have to fight a very cunning ant?
Spotted a copy of Kane and Lynch 2 on Benny's desk. It's like a trainee chef in a posh restaurant bringing in a McDonalds for lunch.
His name is Ben Duncan (new work experience kid). Yet he is telling people to call him Benny B! Imagine me branding myself as P Moly.
Asked Benny what makes a good game. He just said 'It's got to have good gameplay and replay value'. It's going to be a long week...
Work experience designer Benny joined us 2day. He was wearing a Mario 1up tshirt, asked him what mario was initially called. He had no idea.
Only 300 bugs to kill in Fable3. We're leaving a really funny bizarre bug in so that u lot spread it on the net and give us more exposure.
So depressing, still nobody has found the secret room in Fable 2 that hints at Fable 3.
Love in gaming is always emotion. What if love in a game was a physical enemy? Does that very notion not blow your mind like it does mine?
I want to make a World War 2 game. What? been done before? No, you see in MY game you don't control a solider but a 4 year old child.
or how about this...Fable TRILOGY special edition next year where ALL THREE games use Kinect?
Has any game ever REALLY featured oxygen? Sure, little bars of oxygen that drain but I actually mean a real sense of oxygen around you?
Game design of the future. Make game X again but with X technology.
Why was I not @ComicCon? Because people would cheer at Fable then go into the next room and cheer at Stallone. It's all worthless cheers.
Bring back the Amiga. At least that never stabbed me in the back and was loyal. It didn't ask questions...
Indie developers, \
In a real bad mood today, even Kinect picked up on it...or it would if it actually had that ability like that guy with the shades promised.
Oh sod off Microsoft. Now they want to rename Fable3 to Kinectable3
Books are depressing. I want to shout at Romeo 'Don't do it, take out everyone who is against you and juliet\
That new Inception movie. I had that idea for a game about 10 years ago but mode 7 couldn't handle it.
Get this. I want to make a game where you control Nolan North as a voice actor who must use unique voices for unique enemies.
What if you could export the gameplay from a game and wear it? Just a thought...
Designer Tip#3 Challenge yourself into a corner. For example, come up with a game design where you play as a statue.
Funny isn't it? All these years and still nobody has dared to make another magic carpet based game.
For the final time I had nothing to do with Kinectimals. I wouldn't lower myself to design games for children.
My thought of the day. Is it possible to make a videogame that has no graphics?
Would love to make a world war 2 game where you control a child who makes his own weapons and traps like the boy in Home Alone.
Imagine a game where you're 1hour behind. You have to shoot up a phonebooth 1 hour after you see a enemy making a call. Excited?
Game Designer Tips No1 : EVERY Sunday ask yourself \
So why did Ueda not show TheLastGuardian? Because he saw Kinectimals and is now wanting to use kinect to control the bird cat thing.
@TheKevinButler Make the most of your great speech this year Kevin. Next year you'll be given a pathetic 1 minute limited speech. Trust me.
@Glynn_Owen How much technology is going into Natal? Not enough to describe in a tweet that's for sure.
If I made a football game you wouldn't control the players but rather the ball.
